React examples doc with images and relative links (#5921)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/feature-flag-tutorials/react/examples.md

* Using a [gradual rollout](/reference/activation-strategies#gradual-rollout) (which we implemented in a previous section) would be a simple use case but would reduce the amount of control you have over who gets the new feature.

* Using either [constraints](/reference/strategy-constraints) or [segments](/reference/segments) (which are a collection of constraints) for a subset of your users to get the new feature vs. the old feature, for _more_ control than a gradual rollout

* [Strategy variants](/reference/strategy-variants) are used to do the same canary deployment, but can be scaled to more _advanced_ cases. For example, if you have 2+ new features and are testing to see if they are better than the old one, you can use variants to split your population of users and conduct an A/B test with them.

Let’s walk through how to utilize strategy constraints in our React app through the Unleash platform.

#### Configure strategy constraints for canary deployments

We will build a strategy constraint on top of our existing gradual rollout strategy. This will allow us to target a subset of users to rollout to.

> In Unleash, start from the [feature flag view](http://localhost:4242/projects/default/features/newNotificationsBadge) and edit your Gradual Rollout strategy from your development environment.

Reviewer: I'm wondering about this link. It'll only work if the user has Unleash running on port 4242 and have the same setup as you. But maybe that's intentional? Only reading through, I expected it to go to something I could look at. But maybe it's intended to be read primarily by users who have followed the previous tutorial?

> ![Gradual Rollout configure strategy constraint image](/img/react-ex-grad-rollout-edit.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Constraints are edited via the same "edit strategy" button as mentioned previously.](/img/react-ex-grad-rollout-edit.png)
```

> This will take you to the gradual rollout form. Click on the ‘Add constraint’ button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will take you to the gradual rollout form. Use the ‘Add constraint’ button.
```

> ![Add constraint button image](/img/react-ex-add-constraint-btn.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The "add constraint" button is part of the edit strategy form](/img/react-ex-add-constraint-btn.png)
```

Let’s say we are experimenting with releasing the notifications feature for a limited time. We want to release it to **all users**, capture some usage data to compare it to the old experience, and then automatically turn it off.

We can configure the constraint in the form to match these requirements:

> ![Create constraint image](/img/react-ex-constraint-form.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A constraint configured to only show a feature until a set date.](/img/react-ex-constraint-form.png)
```

* The context field is set to **currentTime**
* The operator is set to **DATE_BEFORE**
* The date time is set (to any time) in the future

> Once you’ve filled out the proper constraint fields, click ‘Done’ and save the strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you’ve filled out the proper constraint fields, use the ‘Done’ button and proceed to save the strategy.
```

> ![Graduall rollout with constraint image](/img/react-ex-rollout-with-constraint.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A gradual rollout strategy with an added constraint](/img/react-ex-rollout-with-constraint.png)
```

```
curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:4242/api/admin/projects/default/features/newNotificationsBadge/environments/development/strategies/806ebcbd-bb03-4713-8081-7dca3905e612' \
    --header 'Authorization: INSERT_API_KEY' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw '{
  "name": "flexibleRollout",
  "title": "",
  "constraints": [
    {
      "value": "2024-02-27T17:00:00.000Z",
      "values": [],
      "inverted": false,
      "operator": "DATE_BEFORE",
      "contextName": "currentTime",
      "caseInsensitive": false
    }
  ],
  "parameters": {
    "rollout": "50",
    "stickiness": "default",
    "groupId": "newNotificationsBadge"
  },
  "variants": [],
  "segments": [],
  "disabled": false
}'
```

Read our documentation for more context on the robustness of [strategy constraint configurations](/reference/strategy-constraints) and use cases.

## A/B Testing in React

A/B testing is a common way for teams to test out how users interact with two or more versions of a new feature that is released. At Unleash, we call these [variants](/reference/feature-toggle-variants).

> We can expose a particular version of the feature to select user bases when a flag is enabled. From there, a way to use the variants is to view the performance metrics and see which is more efficient.

Reviewer: Does Unleash show you these performance metrics or is it something you have to record yourself? I'm not sure what you're referring to here, but maybe I'm just blanking on something 😅

> We can create several variations of this feature to release to users and gather performance metrics to determine which one yields better results. While teams may have different goals for measuring performance, Unleash enables you to configure strategy for the feature variants within your application/service and the platform.

Reviewer: Should "configure strategy" be "configure *a* strategy"? "configure strategies"? Something else?

    "path": "/1/name",
    "value": "announcementsIcon"
  },
  {
    "op": "replace",
    "path": "/0/name",
    "value": "notificationsIcon"
  }
]'
```

Now that we have configured our feature flag variants, we can reference them in the React code.

In `NavBar.tsx`, import the Announcements icon at the top of the file from Material UI, just like the Notifications icon.

```js
Announcement as AnnouncementsIcon,
```

The full import line now looks like this:

```js
import {
 Menu as MenuIcon,
 Notifications as NotificationsIcon,
 Announcement as AnnouncementsIcon,
 AttachMoney as AttachMoneyIcon,
} from "@material-ui/icons";
```

Unleash has a built-in React SDK hook called [useVariant](/reference/sdks/react#check-variants) to retrieve variant data and perform different tasks against them.

Next, import the `useVariant` hook from the React SDK:

```js
import { useFlag, useVariant } from "@unleash/proxy-client-react";
```

`useVariant` returns the name of the specific flag variant your user experiences, if it’s enabled, and if the overarching feature flag is enabled as well.

Within the `NavBar` component itself, we will:

* Reference the flag that holds the variants

> * Reference the two variants to conditionally check that their enabled status for rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reference the two variants to conditionally check their enabled status for rendering
```

Next, we can modify what is returned in the `NavBar` component to account for the two variants the user might see on render.

Previously, we toggled the `NotificationsIcon` component based on whether or not the feature flag was enabled. We’ll take it one step further and conditionally display the icon components based on the feature flag’s variant status:

With our new variants implemented, 50% of users will see the announcements icon. The differences in the UI would look like this:

![Compare icons in UI image](/img/react-ex-compare-icons.png)

We have successfully configured our flag variants and implemented them into our React app for A/B testing in our development environment. Next, we can take a look at how Unleash can track the results of A/B testing and provide insights with data analytics.

## Feature Flag Analytics and Reporting in React

Shipping code is one thing, but monitoring your applications is another aspect of managing code that developers have to account for. Some things to consider would be:

* Security concerns
* Performance metrics
* Tracking user behavior

> Unleash was built with all of these considerations in mind as part of our feature flag management approach. You can use feature flag events to send impression data to an analytics tool you choose to integrate. For example, a new feature you’ve released could be causing more autoscaling in your service resources than expected and you either can view that in your Analytics tool or get notified from a Slack integration. Our impression data gives developers a full view of the activity that could raise any alarms.

Reviewer: This reads a little weird to me. Maybe we can break it up into two sentences?

> For example, a new feature you’ve released could be causing more autoscaling in your service resources than expected and you either can view that in your Analytics tool or get notified from a Slack integration

In `NavBar.tsx`, pull in `useUnleashClient`. Our updated import line should look like this:

```js
import { useFlag, useVariant, useUnleashClient } from "@unleash/proxy-client-react";
```

Next, within the `NavBar` component itself, call `useUnleashClient` and wrap a `useEffect` hook around our function calls to grab impression data with this code snippet:

```js
 const unleashClient = useUnleashClient();

 useEffect(() => {
   unleashClient.start();

   unleashClient.on("ready", () => {
     const enabledImpression = unleashClient.isEnabled("newNotificationsBadge");
     console.log(enabledImpression);
   });

   unleashClient.on("impression", (impressionEvent: object) => {
     console.log(impressionEvent);
     // Capture the event here and pass it internal data lake or analytics provider
   });
 }, [unleashClient]);
```

This code snippet starts the Unleash client, checks that our flag is enabled, and then stores impression events for your use.

> > **Note:** We are passing in unleashClient into the dependency array in useEffect to prevent the app from [unnecessarily mounting the component](https://react.dev/reference/react/useEffect#parameters) if the state of the data it holds has not changed.

Reviewer: I'd suggest wrapping code terms / variable names / etc in backticks when in plain text:

```suggestion
> **Note:** We are passing in `unleashClient` into the dependency array in `useEffect` to prevent the app from [unnecessarily mounting the component](https://react.dev/reference/react/useEffect#parameters) if the state of the data it holds has not changed.
```

        "environment": "default"
    },
    "enabled": true,
    "featureName": "newNotificationsBadge",
    "impressionData": true,
    "variant": "announcementsIcon"
}
```

You can find more information on `isEnabled` and `getVariant` in our [impression data docs](/reference/impression-data#impression-event-data).

Now that the application is capturing impression events, you can configure the correct data fields and formatting to send to any analytics tool or data warehouse you use.

### Application Metrics & Monitoring

Under the [Metrics tab](http://localhost:4242/projects/default/features/newNotificationsBadge/metrics), you can see the general activity of the [Cypress Real World App from our React tutorial](/feature-flag-tutorials/react) in the development environment over different periods of time. If the app had a production environment enabled, we would also be able to view the amount of exposure and requests the app is receiving over time.

![Metrics view image](/img/react-ex-metrics.png)

Our metrics are great for understanding user traffic. You can get a better sense of:

* What time(s) of the day or week are requests the highest?

> * Which feature flags are the most popular?

Reviewer: Hmm, are feature flags popular? Maybe it'd be better worded as "which feature flags receive the most traffic" or something?

```suggestion
* Which feature flags receive the most traffic?
```

Another use case for reviewing metrics is verifying that the right users are being exposed to your feature based on how you’ve configured your strategies and/or variants.

Take a look at our [Metrics API documentation](/reference/api/unleash/metrics) to understand how it works from a code perspective.

## Feature Flag Audit Logs in React

Because a Feature Flag service controls the way an application behaves in production, it can be highly important to have visibility into when changes have been made and by whom. This is especially true in highly regulated environments, such as health care, insurance, banking, and others. In these cases (or similar), you might find audit logging useful for:

1. Organizational compliance
2. Change control

Fortunately, this is straightforward in Unleash Enterprise.

> Unleash provides the data to log any change that has happened over time, at the flag level from a global level. In conjunction with Unleash, tools like [Splunk](https://www.splunk.com/) can help you combine logs and run advanced queries against them. Logs are useful for downstream data warehouses or data lakes.

Reviewer: > at the flag level from a global level

Is this missing something? Are we talking about seeing changes from the flag level to the global level?

In our React tutorial application, we can [view Event logs](http://localhost:4242/projects/default/features/newNotificationsBadge/logs) to monitor the changes to flag strategies and statuses we have made throughout our examples, such as:

* When the newNotificationsBadge flag was created
* How the gradual rollout strategy was configured
* When and how the variants were created and configured

![Events log image](/img/react-ex-event-log.png)

You can also retrieve event log data by using an API command below:

```
curl -L -X GET '<your-unleash-url>/api/admin/events/:featureName' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: <API_KEY_VALUE>'
```

Read our documentation on [Event logs](/reference/event-log) and [APIs](/reference/api/unleash/events) to learn more.

## Change Management & Feature Flag Approvals in React

> Unleash makes it easy to toggle a feature. But the more users you have, the more risk with unexpected changes occurring. That’s why we implemented an approval workflow within Unleash Enterprise for making a change to a feature flag. This functions like a Git pull request, and models a Git review workflow. You could have 1 or more approvals required to reduce risk of someone changing something they shouldn’t. It helps development teams to have access only to what they _need_. For example, you can use Unleash to track changes to your React feature flag’s configuration.

Reviewer: Pull requests are a GitHub thing, not a Git thing.

Also: I don't think we have a standard of when we switch from writing numbers out in letters to using numerals, but I'd probably use 'one' instead of '1' here. But that's up to you ☺️ 

Finally, that last sentence feels like a bit of a non-sequitur. Is that intended? Why are we talking about tracking changes all of a sudden?

```suggestion
Unleash makes it easy to toggle a feature. But the more users you have, the more risk with unexpected changes occurring. That’s why we implemented an approval workflow within Unleash Enterprise for making a change to a feature flag. This functions similar to GitHub's pull requests, and models a Git review workflow. You could have one or more approvals required to reduce risk of someone changing something they shouldn’t. It helps development teams to have access only to what they _need_. For example, you can use Unleash to track changes to your React feature flag’s configuration.
```

![Project settings](/img/react-ex-project-settings.png)

We have several statuses that indicate the stages a feature flag could be in as it progresses through the workflow. This facilitates collaboration on teams while reducing risk in environments like production. For larger scale change management, you can ensure the correct updates are made while having full visibility into who made the request for change and when.

![Change requests](/img/react-ex-change-requests.png)

Learn more about [how to configure your change requests](/reference/change-requests) and our [project collaboration mode](/reference/project-collaboration-mode).

## Flag Automation & Workflow Integration for React Apps

An advanced use case for leveraging feature flags at scale is flag automation in your development workflow. Many organizations use tools like Jira for managing projects and tracking releases across teams. [Our Jira integration](/reference/integrations/jira-server-plugin-installation) helps to manage feature flag lifecycles associated with your projects.

> It’s common for teams to have a development phase, QA/testing and then a release to production. Let’s say the changes we’ve made in our React tutorial project need to go through a typical development workflow. The [Unleash Jira plugin](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1227377/unleash-for-jira?tab=overview&hosting=datacenter) can connect to your Jira server or cloud to create feature flags automatically during the project creation phase. As your code progresses through development and Jira tickets are updated, the relevant flag can turn on in a development environment. The next stage could be Canary deployments for testing code quality in subsequent environments to certain groups, like a QA team or beta users. The flag could be automatically turned on in QA and rollout and/or rollout to target audiences in production.

Reviewer: I'd downcase the C in Canary here:

```suggestion
It’s common for teams to have a development phase, QA/testing and then a release to production. Let’s say the changes we’ve made in our React tutorial project need to go through a typical development workflow. The [Unleash Jira plugin](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1227377/unleash-for-jira?tab=overview&hosting=datacenter) can connect to your Jira server or cloud to create feature flags automatically during the project creation phase. As your code progresses through development and Jira tickets are updated, the relevant flag can turn on in a development environment. The next stage could be canary deployments for testing code quality in subsequent environments to certain groups, like a QA team or beta users. The flag could be automatically turned on in QA and rollout and/or rollout to target audiences in production.
```

Here’s how this can be done via our API:

1. Enable a flag.

```
curl -L -X POST '<your-unleash-url>/api/admin/projects/:projectId/features/:featureName/environments/:environment/on' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: <API_KEY_VALUE>'
```

> Review our [API docs on flag enablement](/reference/api/unleash/toggle-feature-environment-on).

Reviewer: In the rendering, this appears to be a separate paragraph and isn't nested under this list point (notice the indentation):

<img width="382" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/assets/17786332/976b8a1b-8baf-4219-89a5-e30c1dce4d3b">

I'm not entirely sure what the syntax is to nest it properly, but I know it's possible. Maybe it's some extra indentation?

This applies to the next few review suggestions as well.

3. Archive a flag.

```
curl -L -X DELETE '<your-unleash-url>/api/admin/projects/:projectId/features/:featureName' \
-H 'Authorization: <API_KEY_VALUE>'
```

Review [API docs on archiving flags](/reference/api/unleash/archive-feature).

## Common Usage Examples of React Feature Flags

To take full advantage of our React SDK, we’ve compiled a list of the most common functions to call in a React app.

| Function | Description | Parameters | Output |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- | ------ |
| [`useFlag`](#useflag-example)| determines whether or not the flag is enabled | feature flag name (string) | true, false (boolean) |
| [`useVariant`](#usevariant-example)| returns the flag variant that the user falls into| feature flag name (string)| flag and flag variant data (object)
| [`useUnleashClient`](#useunleashclient-example)| listens to client events and performs actions against them | none | |
| [`useUnleashContext`](#useunleashcontext-example)| retrieves information related to current flag request for you to update | none | |
| [`useFlags`](#useflags-example)| retrieves a list of all flags within your project| none | an array of each flag object data |

> | [`useFlagsStatus`](#useflagsstatus-example) | retrieves status information of al flags within your project | none | an object of flag data |

Reviewer: It's not really clear what this function does from the text. Is this correct?

```suggestion
| [`useFlagsStatus`](#useflagsstatus-example) | retrieves status information of al flags within your project; tells you whether they have been successfully fetched and whether there were any errors | none | an object of flag data |
```
